Update scenario management overview from develop (#571)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/scenario_management_overview/step_07/step_07.md

> You can download the code for
<a href="./../src/step_07.py" download>Step 7</a> 
or all the steps <a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>. 

# Executing jobs

*Estimated Time for Completion: 15 minutes; Difficulty Level: Advanced*

Taipy has [different ways](../../../../manuals/core/config/job-config.md) to execute the code. Changing the execution mode can be useful for running multiple tasks in parallel.

- _standalone_ mode: asynchronous. Jobs can be run in parallel depending on the graph of execution (if _max_nb_of_workers_ > 1).

- _development_ mode: synchronous. The default execution mode is _development_.

In this step, we define a new configuration and functions to showcase the two execution modes.

```python
# Normal function used by Taipy
def double(nb):
    return nb * 2

def add(nb):
    print("Wait 10 seconds in add function")
    time.sleep(10)
    return nb + 10
```

![](config_07.svg){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block;border: 4px solid rgb(210,210,210);border-radius:7px" }

> This line of code changes the execution mode. _standalone_ makes Taipy Core asynchronous. Here, a maximum of two tasks are able to run concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This line of code alters the execution mode. Setting it to _standalone_ makes Taipy Core work asynchronously. 
In this configuration, a maximum of two tasks can run simultaneously.
```
